without a full she left you but a motel
is low even though she took your money I
know she needed
I just take what I can get I've got him
where I want him or should I place a
bigger bed now all the clean lies she
told herself get ready for night how the
strings they kept groaning as a hit was
going down
the naked member singing
hell bunny didn't make a sound it last
we see the Cascade
now the widow 1b shambles off your money
now have to beat you buddy
now they of this kind of change is
coming down lady you shot me Betty you
shot me all have a tennis ball down
there you shot me on the rivers running
now you shot me down down down down
Nietzsche once said that we hear music
with our muscles in live performances we
can't help but notice that when you guys
perform each of you seems to let the
music wash over you that you're fully
absorbed physically vulnerable and it's
all-consuming is one of the appeals of
music specifically the kind you're
playing now that even if briefly it
allows you to abandon all pretense all
thought and just be and if so why is
that so appealing Oh means you guys just
let it be known that you guys have this
awesome or more of a career in music
journalism thank you ever spoken think
that sums up like my whole life like the
way I live honestly yeah touring sucks
like it's there's so much that's a
bummer about it but that one hour where
I'm on stage like nothing else matters
and I lose myself I'm like yeah like
that Percy that I'm constantly chasing
the dragon man no I mean that's another
I don't know that's another thing that
like I mean we can't that was a thing
about the transition that was great and
a surprise and very frightening was we
could not phone it in the way Michael
talked about um you know we had it
required all of us to even step on that
stage like me vocally and physically to
I mean at the end of a show we are a
disgusting mess every one of us is
drenched in sweat you know my luscious
locks have fallen down but I mean that's
in some ways that's what it requires and
I feel like we wouldn't be doing our our
job if we didn't do that and you know
give it
everything that we had yeah but I mean
alex is right that is that is you know
if we I hope we can keep chasing that
our
you